It's been estimated that the average adult
makes more than 35,000 decisions per day.
Some of those decisions
are straightforward and simple.
Some of them, however, are not so clear.
At Twilio, we strive to consistently
improve our processes to ensure sharper,
more structured decision
making to support this goal.
We are adopting RAPID,
which is a well-regarded decision
making framework as the Twilio standard.
The RAPID model is broadly used by teams
to bring transparency around
how decisions are made,
improve organizational buy-in
through the involvement of critical
stakeholders, and provide
a shared set of standards for all to use
regardless of function
or level of seniority.
That last point is an important
one to remember.
It doesn't matter what your role
or function might be.
You can play a critical role
or even lead a RAPID process.
Everyone at Twilio is encouraged and
should feel empowered to leverage RAPID.
By the end of this training,
you will be well versed in the common
language around RAPID and feel
comfortable building a solid decision
making team using the tool.
Soon enough, you will be ready to
utilize it within your projects and teams.